= aws-cf-signer

A port of Dylan Vaughn's excellent signing gem - https://github.com/stlondemand/aws_cf_signer 

* http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/index.html?PrivateContent.html

This version uses all class methods and a configure method to initialize options.

Seperate methods exist for safe signing of urls and stream paths, each of which has slightly different requirements. For example urls must not contain any spaces, whereas a stream path can. Also we might not want to html escape a url or path if it is being supplied to a JavaScript block or Flash element.

== Installation

  The original gem was published - use gem install aws_cf_signer to install that version.
  For this version place a copy of aws-cf-signer.rb in your lib directory.
  Then create an initializer that sets the pem path and optionally overrides defaults.

  e.g. 

    require 'aws-cf-signer'

    AWS::CF::Signer.configure! "#{Rails.root}/config/pk-APKAIKURNAUNR2BDSFDMA.pem"

== Usage

  # Call the class sign_url or sign_path method with optional policy settings.

  AWS::CF::Signer.sign_url 'http://mydomain/path/to/my/content'

  or 

  AWS::CF::Signer.sign_url 'http://mydomain/path/to/my/content', :expires => Time.now + 600
  
  # Streaming paths can be signed with the sign_path method.

  AWS::CF::Signer.sign_path 'path/to/my/content'

  or 

  AWS::CF::Signer.sign_url 'path/to/my/content', :expires => Time.now + 600


  # Both sign_url and sign_path have 'safe' version that HTML encode the result allowing 
  # signed paths or urls to be placed in HTML markup. The 'non'-safe versions can be used 
  # for placing signed urls or paths in JavaScript blocks or Flash params.


  # Custom Policies

  # See Example Custom Policy 1 at above AWS doc link
  url = AWS::CF::Signer.sign('http://d604721fxaaqy9.cloudfront.net/training/orientation.avi',
    :expires   => 'Sat, 14 Nov 2009 22:20:00 GMT',
    :resource => 'http://d604721fxaaqy9.cloudfront.net/training/*',
    :ip_range => '145.168.143.0/24'
  )

  # See Example Custom Policy 2 at above AWS doc link
  url = AWS::CF::Signer.sign('http://d84l721fxaaqy9.cloudfront.net/downloads/pictures.tgz',
    :starting => 'Thu, 30 Apr 2009 06:43:10 GMT',
    :expires   => 'Fri, 16 Oct 2009 06:31:56 GMT',
    :resource => 'http://*',
    :ip_range => '216.98.35.1/32'
  )

  # You can also pass in a path to a policy file
  # This will supersede any other policy options
  url = AWS::CF::Signer.sign('http://d84l721fxaaqy9.cloudfront.net/downloads/pictures.tgz', :policy_file => '/path/to/policy/file.txt')


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests (from Dylan's original repository)
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Attributions

Parts of signing code taken from a question on Stack Overflow asked by Ben Wiseley, and answered by Blaz Lipuscek and Manual M:

* http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2632457/create-signed-urls-for-cloudfront-with-ruby
* http://stackoverflow.com/users/315829/ben-wiseley
* http://stackoverflow.com/users/267804/blaz-lipuscek
* http://stackoverflow.com/users/327914/manuel-m

== License

aws-cf-signer is distributed under the MIT License, copyright © 2010 STL
